搜索
库主页
Windows Development (Windows)
Windows Messenger (Windows)
Windows Messenger Overviews (Windows)
Windows Messenger Client Reference (Windows)
Windows Messenger Service Reference (Windows)
相关链接
Documents and Printing (Windows)
Legacy Windows Environment Features (Windows)
PC Health (Windows)
Application Installation and Servicing (Windows)
Windows Contacts (Windows)
Smart Card API (Windows)
The NetBIOS Interface (Windows)
Setup API (Windows)
Removable Storage Manager (Windows)
Windows SideShow
Getting Started (Windows)
Indexing Service (Windows)
About the OLE DB Provider for Internet Publishing Guide
Windows NetMeeting 3
Windows Mail (formerly Outlook Express) (Windows)
Remote Assistance (Windows)
Windows Address Book (Windows)
Audio and Video (Windows)
Getting Started
Data Access and Storage (Windows)
Using the OLE DB Provider for Internet Publishing
Devices (Windows)
URLMON Integration
Diagnostics (Windows)
Programmers Reference for the OLE DB Provider for Internet Publishing
ADO Object, Method, Property, and Collection Support
DirectX Graphics and Gaming (Windows)
SDK Components
Graphics (Windows)
Sample Programs
Networking (Windows)
Security and Identity (Windows)
System Services (Windows)
Virtualization (Windows)
Windows Application UI Development (Windows)
Windows Environment Development (Windows)
Wireless Networking (Windows)
单击展开
Windows Messenger	Visual Studio 2010
发送反馈

Note  Windows Messenger is no longer available in Windows Vista.

This is the entry page to the reference documentation for the Windows Messenger. This section includes information about the Messenger service  APIs and the Messenger client APIs. The documentation consists of API reference and conceptual overviews.

The following are links to the documentation.

    Windows Messenger Overviews
    Windows Messenger Service Reference
    Windows Messenger Client Reference

Windows Messenger Deprecation

Windows Vista does not include the APIs for Windows Messenger. They are included with Windows Live Messenger to ensure continued support for applications that use the Windows Messenger APIs. You can download Windows Live Messenger from the 联机  Windows Live Messenger site.

Applications developed with the Windows Messenger SDK are compatible with Windows Live Messenger; however, Windows Live Messenger does not support script that uses Windows Messenger objects. Applications that require Windows Live Messenger functionality should be developed with the appropriate Windows Live SDK. More information about the Windows Live SDKs can be found on 联机  Windows Live Dev.
Windows Messenger Add-In APIs

The documentation for the Add-In APIs shows you how to create add-in components for the Windows Messenger client on Windows XP. The Add-In APIs are not available with any version of Windows Messenger other than 4.6 or 4.7. To download this documentation, see 联机  Windows Messenger Add-In APIs.
What's New in Windows Messenger 5.0

The Windows Messenger Add-In APIs are no longer available. For information about branding Windows Messenger, see 联机  Personalizing Microsoft Windows Messenger 5.0.

Five properties of the IMessenger interface have been deprecated in favor of properties in the IMessengerService interface.

    Use MyFriendlyName instead of MyFriendlyName.
    Use ServiceID instead of MyServiceId.
    Use ServiceName instead of MyServiceName.
    Use MySigninName instead of MySigninName.
    Use MyStatus instead of MyStatus. 

What's New in Windows Messenger 4.7

A new overview Using the Registration Mechanism has been added.

 

 

Send comments about this topic to Microsoft

Build date: 6/30/2010

? 2010 Microsoft Corporation。保留所有权利
发送反馈 (请阅读我们的 Visual Studio 反馈策略)